there are certain things when I read the
Bible I do read about that that I find
difficult to understand I mean if God
has been there forever what was he doing
before he got to us I mean what was he
out there doing was he sitting there
bored today what I do come on suddenly
from nowhere he suddenly decided to
create a world I'll make a world make a
world yes that's what I'll do
rivers cheese no mmm everything's that I
want a garden and I'd like a nice garden
what God me hate gardening God Oh God
spitting dust Adam hey honey he Adam
never once says will aneema God do I
come I mean he's 40 years of age he has
no child has no recall he doesn't say
how did I get here but he's quite happy
he just kind of trembles around the
garden working away and God is looking
at him honey she said Anna was happy
I didn't put him there to be happy I'll
put a stop to that and God during the
night sneaks down like a thief and
steals doesn't ask doesn't request
doesn't steals it his rib and from his
rib
he makes woman and I don't wake up in
the morning he's a real thicky
he's lying anything I'm somebody else he
doesn't say where did you come from
where how does the hell did you get here
where'd you get those lumps
just goes out and goes gardening and God
comes down and has a conversation with
Eve and tells her that she can eat of
any fruit in the tree in the whole
garden with the exception of one fruit
tree he's talking to one yes he tells
him not to eat of the fruit analogies of
which tree cannot ease it's not one over
to in point it out to her
it's worse than President Regan on Iran
come when he goes hides and she sneaks
up to the tree and a snake comes down
and has a conversation snake now I see a
snake I'll back off one starts talking
I'll crap myself
for a snake actually convinces her to
eat the apple and she eats the upper eye
when she eats the Apple
she learns shame that's what happens
when you eat apples now she's not
ashamed that she's disobeyed God or that
she's eaten the Apple she's ashamed of
one here one part of her body at all
she becomes ashamed of that area of the
body now why that area why not a robo
her knows you actually realize that if
Eve had have been ashamed of her nose
every woman in the world now would be
ashamed of your noses you don't be
sitting here tonight with little nose
knickers on men would be in nightclubs
watching totally naked ladies with
g-strings on the nose
take him up boys your nose
and this is the book this is the book
that you go into court and press your
hand upon the whole
you